and I have a very special appointment nothing more and
nothing less is waiting for me to the champion
of the world junior team
you earn a lot of money in this boxing
well it depends there we see how
publicly almost everyone has the
possibility of earning as much money as
the case of another friend can because
it depends for example to know that there is a
live position they are called boxing
national there is another position that is called
music of champions without boxing and the other
option is that the person who pays
depends depends on the position that you
put down more eat
how much should we bet on you in this
fight on November 22 that I know you're going
to be a winner is always 2000 what
want
you like to bet on you you feel
proud of your game
there has never been the only person in the
world that I have known to bet on
me because he did not send me the web receipt in
how much to post apart 200 milligrams
won 300 expressions in December
now all the money that has won
in fights, not only do you
You wore in clothes on a chain watch like
does most of the boxers
you used for the good of the
youth already in the good of children in
this gym you understand completion with
the goal of giving the opportunity to
young people from 7 to 16 years old who go to
learn here this will most useful
much more since I know that they are going to
feel happy and do that with me here
by far are groups like we are
coincidentally terry in that I started my
professional career in germany and here
I have it as respect and you picked it up
you brought for tomorrow when I came to
here for usa
the promoter of mine as a friend no longer
participates in maya sent it to here was
brought from Germany in 2008 I had in
my diego here my first fight since
it was mine hers
How true is Gamboa that
boxers can not have sex to the
time to prepare for a good fight
this is something that is not only I know
now but in all the positions of
combat is very difficult to maintain
physical strengths because through
an accumulation has a quantity of
minerals which can not be recovered
in a few weeks and hearts however
your reproduction has been very good
because you have four shoots four
children the position that we do not find
when we keep the time it continues without
have sexual quanta we do not go
keeping what the vitamin the food
that we have to eat when we go to
have with all those again there
you have all of them always
those images that you can do
bones now when you pay some to the
others put their hands behind and they
stop the faces and this is a way of
search for
of signed I will finish
as the champion
we're fine now I know I can a
greeting for all part fans
from one of all the people that we and many
Thank you